# Commands

[Click Here to go back to main](/)
## Command Table

| Command | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
[help](#"help"-command)|Using this command will print out a tip for terminal or command ('--help')
[clear]()|Clear terminal
[create]()|Create new command
[remove]() (rm)|Remove a created command.
[background]() (bg)|Change Background
[backup]()|Download a backup of commands created with the 'create' command
restore|Use a previously downloaded command backup to restore your previously made commands
[browse]() (b)|Change Background
[google]() (g)|Google search a query
[gmail]() (gm)|Go to Gmail
[drive]() (gd)|Go to Google Drive
[reddit]() (r)|Go to Reddit or a particular Subreddit
[youtube]() (yt)|Go to and Search Youtube
[twitch]() (ttv)|Go to and Search Twitch

## Individual Commands

---

### "help" Command
Help is the most important for people that are not acclimated to the command system. This has 2 different usages.

1. Inputting "help" as a command

    This command prints out a table of all the commands and short descriptions for each command
    <!-- ADD GIF OF GENERAL HELP COMMAND -->

2. inputting "--help" as a command argument

    <!-- ADD LITTLE TERMINAL BOX -->
    This command prints the usage/command example for the specific command. For example "gmail --help".
    <!-- ADD GIF OF SUB-COMMAND --help -->


---

### "clear" Command
Clear is a very simple command that clears all the outputs from the terminal.
<!-- include gif of clear -->


----

<!-- SUB-SECTION create -->
### "create" command
the "create" command is a command which saves user-generated commands based off of templates to the browser's LocalStorage. Currently, the only template supported is the link template, which works as a bookmark which redirects you to another link.

The use of this command is
```
create [TEMPLATE] [COMMAND NAME] [ARGUMENT] [SHORTENED COMMAND NAME]
```
One thing to note here is that the shortened command name is optional.

---

### "remove" command

the "remove" command is a counterpart to the "create" command, meaning that it can delete or remove a user-generated command. The shortened named for this command is rm. In order to remove a command, you need to use it's general name, not the shortened name.

```
remove [COMMAND NAME]
```
<!-- ADD IMAGE OF COMMAND USE-->

---

### "background" command

This command changes the theme of the terminal by changing the background and the command prefix colors. There's currently no way to change or add any backgrounds or your own prefix colors. If you'd like this feature to be added, let me know!

---

### "backup" command

"backup" is another simple command with no arguments which downloads a .json of your commands created with the "create" command. This is useful for transffering your commands between devices and restoring them in case they get deleted.

<!-- GIF EXAMPLE HERE -->

---

### "Restore" command

"restore" is a command with no arguments that is the counterpart to the backup command. There is currently no check to make sure that the file uploaded is a file generated by the website, so if you upload a random file, it might override your commands.

<!-- GIF EXAMPLE HERE -->

---

### "browse" command
The browse command takes 1 argument, which is supposed to be a link. The current limitation is that if you want to go to a page's subdirectory, you need to include the ending (ie. ".com" or ".edu")

<!-- EXAMPLE HERE -->

---

### "google" command
The "google" command is a command that can redirect to google search or do a google search query. The short name for google is g.

```
google
google weather
```

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLE -->

---

### "gmail" command
The "gmail command takes 1 optional argument. This argument is a integer which refers to the int linked to your gmail account. For example, if you are logged into 3 google accounts then the associated ints would be 0, 1 , & 2. using the command without an argument will redirect you the default gmail page.

---

<!-- INCOMPLETE SECTION -->
### "drive" command
The "drive" command is similar to the gmail command, where it makes it

---

### "reddit" command

---
### "youtube" command

---
### "twitch" command
